We can't have that happening.
We can't edit out the Wren.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
This is actually just a dress rehearsal.
We are about to fire it up live live in a couple hours at the Bethel Park Community Center in Pennsylvania and outside of Pittsburgh.
And yes, we are kind of in a daydream right now.
I was a little moved that Jason M remembered the reason why that song is so
moving to me.
I'm glad that someone else finds it moving.
It's a great tune back from a time when American culture and America and we were all very much more innocent in terms of what we realized was going on.
Our government's been out of our control for decades and we just didn't know it.
And it's because our consciousness is the prime real estate these charlatans have been occupying for quite some time.
I think there is a heater on in the room if it sounds a little bit noisy.
We need to take the power back from these charlatans.
The only way to do it is to teach our children how social media has now been weaponized to almost consolidate the power that these charlatans have over us.
Um, I think it's really important to start with intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And I'm going to tell you why.
Because I get, I get SMSs from people like Jay Bhattacharya that say that they disagree with my assessment of the biology.
Now, a few, maybe six months ago, Jay Bhattacharya was saying that, um, he was not sophisticated enough to understand or evaluate my biology.
And now it turns out that Jay Bhattacharya now disagrees with my assessment of the biology.
Now a lot of people are saying that calling people liars and traitors isn't gonna work, but Jay Bhattacharya has, out of one side of his mouth, said that he finds my work so impressive and so important and he's learned so much from me.
over the last three years that we've known each other.
So the last three years that we've met each other personally, more than one time each year, he has failed to come to understand that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And only recently come to understand that he now thinks that he disagrees with my assessment of the biology.
And so we can go on, now we can say transfection in healthy humans was always criminal, but of course, he's not gonna say that either.
And of course, he's not gonna talk about how RNA cannot pandemic, because it would be too easy to explain how all of the magic attributes of DNA that make evolution real, and people like Brett Weinstein so sure that evolution has occurred simply because of the discovery of DNA,
can't really come up with a biological explanation for why, despite RNA having none, zero, zip, no other qualities of DNA, other than using some bases, which seem to be redundant with its chemically, it has none of the possible explanations for how anything based upon it could become a pattern.
It's not possible.
And these people will ignore this because this is too sharp.
It's too on target.
It's, it's, you can't really even address it.
They can't address it.
So they ignore it.
Or they say very generally, I can't agree.
Or I can't, I don't agree with your assessment.
That's how this has been done.
They are manipulating the conscious and intelligent organized habits and opinions.
They are, they are manipulating them.
And the way that they are doing it is with coordinated lying.
If these people don't know that they are being used, I don't know if we can absolve them from this responsibility because there are thousands and thousands of lives at stake.
There are thousands and thousands of murders that still have not been brought to justice.
And this is an ongoing thing, decades long.
That's why you can find people as separated in history as
as Edward Bernays and Noam Chomsky and Aldous Huxley all telling us the same thing about how we would be governed.
And the final trap door was opened at the beginning of the pandemic, and we were all forced to wander onto social media, where no matter which direction we looked, we were eventually tricked into believing that there was a novel virus that millions of people were in danger from, that millions of people needed to be saved from, that later might have come from gain of function, and definitely viruses will always come again.
And it all started with fear and lies, uncertainty and doubt about murder.
Murder with simple explanations and complicated explanations.
Some of the simplest explanations are supplementary oxygen is toxic.
But they don't want you to know that.
Even though Denny Rancor seems to be a voice in the wilderness about the lack of epidemiological evidence of spread, he seems to be acutely unaware of 16 out of the 17 intelligence agencies in the United States and seems convinced that the CIA is responsible for everything.
and also that there's no expected rise in all-cause mortality, the opioid crisis doesn't really matter, et cetera, et cetera.
He's a lot like the statistical version of Aaron Seery who can't seem to think that it would be useful to use words like strict scrutiny in a complaint or to talk about jurisdiction stripping or teach people what the rational basis test is and why it fails to be appropriate for
something like the PrEP Act and the Declaration of an Emergency.
You don't understand these things unless you've been watching my show because none of these people will talk about it.
In fact, at the Brownstone, somebody ran away from me when I wanted to ask her about it.
The vaccine schedule in America has always been criminal.
I didn't know it.
You didn't know it.
But now we all should know it.
And we need to make sure our kids know it.
Transfection in healthy humans, before the pandemic, was a series or a set of methodologies that was basically productized.
Product, you know, they were products.
So it's criminal to do it in kids.
criminal to do it and your healthy grandparents and RNA cannot pandemic that's just biologically true there's no basis for this in the biological literature except for a couple papers about remdesivir
And so here's where we are.
The illusion of consensus is breaking, I think.
At least it's standing on very thin ice.
The Brownstone meeting, in retrospect, might not have been the best place for me to go just because
my post-Brownstone assessment would have been, it was a bit like going to a Radiohead concert, trying to convince people that Radiohead sucked.
It might not have, I didn't think, I guess I expected it to be something else, you know, like a Lollapalooza, and then, you know, most of the bands do suck, but, you know, it might be there for a couple people.
And that's usually what, like, these other things have been.
But now we're at the stage, really, when you go to something like,
brownstone you're basically just going to see a bunch of highly trained acolytes you know behind the scenes at the coffee breaks everybody that has anything to say with a little badge on is basically going to be a highly trained acolyte and and whether they know how bamboozled they are how used they are how participating they are it doesn't really matter at this stage because all of these people have to know that there's a curtain they haven't bothered to look behind named
Giga ohm biological.
Yes, you would have to know You would have to know That's really it So yeah weaponized piles of money
Ultimately, it's all, you know, an illusion.
That's Scooby-Doo, bad guy, Fauci, and it's all the same nonsense because we are being governed by a mythology and the theater that projects it.
That's really where we are.
Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Jonathan Cooey.
I am a biologist from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I'm actually originally from Kedah, Wisconsin.
I grew up with all my father's same high school teachers.
I had the same nicknames.
I didn't even get called by my first name most of the time because of the small town nature of my childhood.
Uh, I grew up, uh, and went to grew up.
I went to really went to Chicago to grow up, um, and spent about 12, 13 years in Chicago before I moved away to the Netherlands to do my PhD, met my wife, moved to Norway.
These pictures are taken in Norway.
You can find the work that I did as an academic chasing tenure on PubMed.
And yeah, GigaOM is derived from the methodology that I used to use.
And yeah, you can find me on stream.gigaom.bio.
All the links are there.
We haven't put up a video in a few days because we've been
We've been getting ready for the live stream today, and we're getting everything packed up now.
I'm getting a little bit nervous.
I actually woke up incredibly nervous.
Now I'm a little less nervous.
It's going to be fun.
I have no idea how many people are coming.
I've already been surprised by a few people that I had no idea were going to show up and did, including
I'll just mention Jeff from Earth for now, but that guy walked into my living room late last night after many hours of driving, and that was a pretty cool moment.
And so, yeah, I'm excited.
I hope that everybody that shows up isn't incredibly disappointed.
At least the tickets are free.
There is going to be a football game outside at the football field of the community center, and so it's very likely that the parking lot will be full.
And if that's the case, just first go to the location and then kind of just, you know, play dumb and park where everybody else does.
If you have to park on the street and walk, it shouldn't be that bad.
It's not in a particularly bad neighborhood or something like that.
Albeit, it'll feel very awkward parking on the street in Pittsburgh, because it's always awkward parking on the street in Pittsburgh.
So yeah, November 3rd, 2024, we are here.
All of them are still working for the slavers.
That's the conclusion that I would come to as a result of the Brownstone.
I don't really know how else to describe it.
I think it was really like going to a Radiohead concert and not realizing that, you know, everyone was gonna be wearing a
a shirt and being singing along with all the songs.
And so I was surprised.
I was very surprised.
Also, at this, the status of the narrative, they're still really running in a hamster wheel, which is essentially the Scooby Doo.
the solving of the lab leak, the acceptance of RNA being able to pandemic, the acceptance of an almost endless palette of RNA viruses were mentioned.
And also this acceptance of ivermectin as a cure for almost all RNA viruses.
So there's a pretty spectacular set of
claims that are being made by people at Clownstone.
And while I was there, I was also able to interact with a Clownstone fellow, a Brownstone fellow, excuse me, who was a lawyer and introduced, I was introduced to this person by a friend.
And I said, well, you know, I'm not a lawyer, but I have these questions and I just want somebody to talk to me frankly about,
what I have stumbled on or not stumbled on.
And I tried to explain that I had found this article from Robert Gallo.
Sorry, I wasn't paying attention to my monitor there.
I found this article from Robert Gallo that explained the sort of liability landscape around vaccines, obviously in the context of an AIDS vaccine, but also in the context of the vaccine
landscape right after the passing of the national vaccine law in 1986.
So in that article and articles that I read after that, it became very clear to me that the concepts of the rational basis review versus strict scrutiny were very important to understand, or at least that they had a fairly significant role in
in precedence and in other cases and in the discussion of these principles by the Federalist Society and this kind of thing by Posner or Posner, whatever his name is.
I've read a lot of Epstein and I've read a lot of people now with regard to American law, especially around the FDA, trying to understand what they did, what they're supposed to do.
And also around this endemity, this immunity that they get.
as a result of the PrEP Act emergency declaration.
And so I had a very abrasive conversation with someone who would only speak in very general terms, like the courts won't do anything and we have to elect lawmakers that will change the laws.
And that was pretty much the depth to which this person was willing to discuss these ideas with me.
There was no substantial discussion about
strict scrutiny and whether or not that should be in a complaint of Aaron Seery.
There was often a repeated accusation that I was telling all lawyers that they didn't know what they were doing when I very specifically couched my questions in the context of being shot down by Aaron Seery in a private Zoom meeting about the relevance of the Seventh Amendment.
And so this discussion didn't go very well.
And then another lawyer came over.
And at some point when the other lawyer was standing there, this Brownstone fellow said that, well, the actual words don't matter.
And I almost fell on the floor because as you know, lawyers are paid for their words and the better their words are, the higher they're paid.
And so it's very, very bizarre for
Somebody who spent 10 minutes trying to filibuster her way out of making any substantial statements about strict scrutiny as a has a legal concept Yeah
I was a little bewildered and that's really how the Brownstone meeting started.
Then I had to listen to almost 45 minutes of Robert Malone and Brett Weinstein doing what I guess is their version of improvisational comedy or improvisational acting because they basically didn't say no to each other and they just talked about random stuff depending on what Jeffrey Tucker
what popped into his head between, I just, Jessica Rose didn't show up, which was pretty disappointing.
Toby Rogers didn't show up, which was pretty disappointing.
There were some people that I hoped to have a brief word with.
Brett Weinstein actually walked over, I think, somebody told me.
I was standing, listening to Mark Kulak talk to someone named Wendy, I believe.
And out of the corner of my eye, I saw some guy walk close to me and then walk away.
But I was listening, so I didn't look.
And afterward, the three of us turned around and realized that it was Brett Weinstein that had walked up and read my name tag and walked away.
But it was just some dude like this big.
I didn't really know.
And he never said hello.
We actually sat behind Heather.
She didn't apparently recognize me, say hello, nothing.
Meryl Nass was there.
She didn't say hello, but I'm sure she saw me.
I was able to speak to Matthijs Desmet in Dutch and explain to him the idea that he should ask these people in private how it is that RNA can pandemic when DNA is actually the magic molecule.
And I also spoke to three other Dutch doctors while I was there, Dutch people, while I was there and tried to explain to them that this is the very big secret, the groot geheim, that all die mensen houden.
And yeah, that's what they do.
That's what's happening right now.
And we're gonna have a live stream today in Bethel Park to meet as many people as I can in person and to sit down with Scott Shara, who we had dinner with last night here at the house,
and give him a platform, number one.
And number two, try to start discussing the ways that we can move forward.
And one of the ways that I want to move forward is to make GigaOM biological into a 5013C, or at least add on to our little consulting business, a
a 5013c because it will make it easier for people to donate.
It'll make me easier for me to use that money to support other people should we have enough.
It'll make it easier for me to figure out how to take this operation to the next level in terms of both maybe even an on-site like high school
biology course camp slash homestead, whatever, we need to move this forward in terms of a curriculum.
And I think there is the possibility that, you know, we could get off of this model where we have a lot of people giving us $10 a month, which, you know, and hundreds of dollars a month, some people are giving us in order for us to pay our rent.
And although it's,
It makes me work very hard.
I don't want that to be the model going forward, unless what you guys are subscribing for is showing up regularly in your box as a PDF of something valuable and useful.
And right now, I'm not doing that.
And so that's what this live stream is really all about, to try and be able to listen to people in person and to figure out exactly what I need to do to move forward.
the most straight as an arrow direction to the exit as possible.
And so the people that have taken the time to drive here, you know, we're going to have enough time to get together and hang out and listen and figure out, you know, how can we improve this operation so that my family can move forward with a little more confidence so that my, you know,
everything can be a little better.
So that's the plan.
Uh, I don't have really much more to say right now.
Uh, I don't, I don't think there should be much more to say right now cause I got to pack some of this stuff up that's on the rig here.
I'm not taking the whole rig, but I'm taking the little pieces of it.
Um, so that I can do a halfway decent stream there.
So anyway, uh, this was just a quick update.
It's not meant to be, um, again, it wasn't really meant to be a show.
It's just meant to be a shout out to let you know that don't forget we are
indeed going to be there and it is going to happen.
It's happening.
It's happening right now.
So thank you very much and I hope to see as many people as possible this afternoon.
The show will start at 2 and will probably go until about 5.
I'm going to keep streaming while people are having an early dinner, lasagna and other stuff.
Um, and we're going to give away some silly door prizes and talk to people at random and stuff like that.
So we'll probably have about a three hour show.
It probably won't be perfect because we won't have a hard line.
We thought we were going to be able to have a hard line, but we don't.
Um, and, uh, it may be actually that the live stream is better than, than the, or sorry, the, yeah, the live stream is better than in person for one reason, depending on whether or not we have a full screen or we just have our TV on the stage.
Um,
We thought we were going to have a drop-down screen with a projector there.
I'm not saying anything bad about Bethel Park.
I'm just saying that the communication between the community center and me, I heard one thing and they said another.
They said they have a screen.
I thought, oh, okay, cool.
They have a screen and a projector, but they have a screen.
So I have a screen.
I have a projector, but the projector doesn't really like my laptop.
So We're gonna figure it out otherwise we're just gonna bring our TV and put it on stage so the people there can see what the What the live stream looks like while we're going and can see Scott's slides as he uses them.
So we'll see it's gonna be a little impromptu improvised but again, that was the whole point just to see and force myself to do something off-site and and
and see if i can set it up and and break it down and uh then that means we can do it other places and we know you know what we got wrong what we should have thought of and we're trying to take notes um and see how what we can learn from this so thanks very much i will probably see you guys if if everything goes well um i'll see you in a few hours so that's that's the plan uh thank you very much see you see you see you soon
Yeah, the clocks went back.
It is 1043 in Pittsburgh right now.
So we're gonna go on at 2 p.m.
So that's like three hours and 15 minutes.
Okay, now I'm getting nervous.
See you later.